Github interval option note and error handling warning (#5357)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/github-module.rst

Interval between Wazuh wodle executions.

.. note::

>     When Wazuh starts, it will wait for the configured interval before running the first scan, unless the module has already been running before and the only_future_events option is set to no.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When Wazuh starts, it waits for the configured time interval before running the first scan, unless the module has already been running before and the ``only_future_events`` option is set to no.
```
